A NETFLIX SERIES
Aww. [woman coos]
[clicks tongue]
[coos. laughs]
[coos]
[man] I'm gonna get you!
I'm right behind you!
[man laughs] I'm gonna get you now!
Hold this.
Over here. Adam!
ADAM. 6 YEARS
♪ Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday. dear Adam ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
[woman cheers]
[happy. excited chatter]
[applause]
Hi-yah!
Hi-yah! Hi-yah!
[man] Nice to meet you. samurai Adam.
[boy grunts]
Who's stronger than me. huh? Ha!
You lost. Igor.
[Igor] Rematch?
[woman] Sometimes it feels like
you're running off a cliff.
Like in those cartoons.
The coyote near the edge.
he looks down and instantly knows
he's made a mistake.
But it's too late.
Kids grow up fast.
And you think
that they're far from the edge.
They still worship their parents.
But all of a sudden.
something unexpected happens...
and you realize
we're no longer their gods.
We can keep them away
from the edge for a while.
but then they're on their own.
All I want is to keep my son safe
till the time comes to let him go.
And after that...
- [computer chimes]
- ...it's up to him.
[footsteps approach]
[man] Why are you still awake. hon?
You know what time it is?
- Come on.
- I'm worried about Adam.
[man sighs]
So what are you up to?
[man grunts]
Is that his cell phone?
- Are you installing spyware?
- Just to know he's all right.
[man sighs]
- [sighs]
- Have you talked to him?
What's the point? He would just use
one of his friends' phones.
So you're gonna read his text messages?
His emails?
- His conversations with his girlfriend?
- Michał... Adam's not well.
[sighs]
It's only been a few weeks
since Igor died.
- I know.
- Most kids wouldn't be back to normal.
But he's in trouble. I know it.
- [sighs]
- Uninstall it. okay? Delete it.
Let's wait. I need to know
if something's going on with him.
It's our responsibility
to protect our child.
I know something's up.
He's our child. We should trust him.
Anna. come on. Don't do this. It's crazy.
We all have our own little secrets. right?
- [scoffs] Well. I really don't.
- It's not like I keep secrets from you.
I just don't need you to know
everything I'm thinking.
That's not why I'm doing it. Michał.
- I'm not being nosy.
- Okay. then uninstall it.
- I'm doing it 'cause I love him.
- Uninstall it. I'm going to sleep.
[Anna sighs]
[mid-tempo rock music
playing in background]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[man Too shallow. Too simplistic.
[woman] I know. Stop.
[man] Seriously. it's not fair.
- All right.
- You're being ridiculous.
- No. I'm enlightened.
- Uh-huh.
Two beers. please.
We can just switch seats.
if you two are having a conversation.
- No. it's all good.
- Yeah. it's not a problem.
Besides. you never really know.
You might learn something.
Take. for instance. Adam and Eve.
You buy that silly Bible story?
Uh. sure. She was the first woman.
and he was the first man.
- Uh-huh.
- Anyway... what about it?
They had two sons
named Cain and Abel.
Abel killed his brother Cain. right?
[scoffs]
But Cain's the one who killed Abel.
- [man] Really?
- I thought so.
[man] Either way.
there was one brother left.
Which brings up the question.
who'd the son procreate with
so humans would thrive?
Just to give you a hint.
the only other female around
was his own mother.
[woman] Maybe they had
one more child. A girl.
- Mm-hmm.
- Who they didn't mention in the Bible.
Oh. then he fucked his own sister?
- Stop it. Just stop it.
- What do you mean. stop it?
People used to do. uh. strange things.
People still do
pretty strange things. I'd say.
Don't cry. sweetheart.
Don't touch me.
Your eyes are red. I was just concerned.
You sure you're all right?
I just want to drink alone.
All right.
You suit yourself.
[pop song continues]
[foreboding music playing]
Hey!
Are you okay?
Hey. you're all right. Lean on me.
Let's go.
One step at a time.
Hi. Marianna.
Where's the tape?
Let's go.
[Marianna struggling]
BASED ON THE NOVEL BY HARLAN COBEN
- [tense music subsides]
- [coffee maker whirs]
[beeps]
[grunts]
[DJ] For your chance to win. stay tuned.
And if you have information
to share about traffic. just call us.
[instructor calling out in Japanese]
[all crying out]
[man] Excellent!
[intense music playing]
- [woman] Good job.
- [man] Very good.
[music continues]
[man] Yeah. it'll start to come easier
after you try out these next steps.
Trust me.
[woman] Yeah. I hope so.
[indistinct chattering]
- [phone chimes]
- [woman] Yeah. got it.
WIOSNA HOUSING ESTATE
PRODUCE STORE
[door chimes]
Good morning.
- Hey.
- Good morning. Anna.
[grunts]
Training every morning at 6:00 a.m.?
I don't think I could do that.
You'll never know if you never try.
Ola's gonna sleep over?
She's really excited.
[phone chimes]
Just a sec.
SPYWARE
ADAM: HE WAS MY FRIEND
BELIEVE ME. IT WAS MY FAULT
KAJA: COME ON. STOP BLAMING YOURSELF
ADAM: I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN
KAJA: STAY POSITIVE. SEE YOU AT SCHOOL
- See ya.
- Bye.
[girl] Adam! Hurry up!
Why can't you use the other bathroom?
[girl] Because all my stuff's in there.
- You little twerp.
- Jerk!
Come look at this.
Nice to see you too. hon.
You get your butt kicked at the gym?
We said we wouldn't do this.
I thought you agreed with me.
He's texting in the middle of the night
instead of sleeping.
Kids do that all the time.
He's texting about Igor.
[man] Because he was his best friend.
I'm not at all surprised.
He's already tried to run away once.
I'm not gonna let...
- Hi. sweetheart.
- Hey.
- Hey. eat something.
- I'm not hungry.
[man] Want a ride to school?
- [Adam] No. that's fine. I'm good.
- Adam.
Adam!
I'll see you later at the memorial?
Mm-hmm.
[mysterious music playing]
- There's something wrong.
- [door closes]
He disappears for days. He skips class.
He doesn't answer his phone.
- He's been like this since Igor died.
- He's a teenager.
Did your parents always know
what you were up to?
Anna...
all of us keep some secrets. huh?
["Sleepwalker" by Coals plays]
♪ Mama. I have no time ♪
♪ Looking for the root of problems ♪
♪ I know I should be afraid of night ♪
♪ My... my little poly state of mind ♪
Here you go. Nika. Have a good day.
♪ I know I should be afraid of night ♪
♪ My... my little poly state of mind ♪
♪ Mama. I have no time ♪
♪ Looking for the root of problems ♪
[song fades away]
Okay. Pop quiz.
Who was the first king of Poland?
- Stanisław the Brave.
- Bolesław.
The baptism of Poland. What year was that?
- Ola.
- What?
Focus. It was 966.
You have a midterm.
A test you're not allowed to skip.
How old was Jadwiga
when she took the throne?
Jaśmina isn't answering.
Maybe she forgot her phone. Focus!
Jadwiga was 10.
She got married at your age.
Not good for her!
[phone chimes]
NEW NOTIFICATION
[car horn honks]
Jaśmina!
We're going to be late for school!
- [sirens wailing in distance]
- [sighs]
[man sighs]
[man] You okay?
They've been doing it again.
That's enough of this stupid phone.
[Jaśmina on phone] Stop! What...
[mocking laughter on phone]
[Jaśmina] What do you want? Just stop it!
- [student] Good morning.
- Good morning. See you in the classroom.
[Jaśmina] What do you want? Just stop it!
- [laughter]
- [Jaśmina] What do you want? Just stop it!
Kids have been circulating this video
since yesterday. "The bearded lady."
[scoffs] You really called her that?
Obviously. I did not.
I was just telling a joke about beards.
Kids must've twisted
what I was trying to say.
And that's all?
I've spoken to Jaśmina and apologized.
In front of the kids.
What more can I do
to make this right. hmm?
- Hello. there.
- Good morning.
[student] Mm-hmm. Put it here. like this.
[tense music playing]
MEMORIAL AT 3:00 P.M. TODAY.
MONDAY. JUNE 7
None of this is your fault.
Oh. really?
Adam. it was just an accident.
Igor took pills
and washed them down with some wine.
And the heart attack was
just bad luck. Adam.
You weren't even with him.
[Adam] He hated that photo.
[school bell ringing]
Boo!
What's up? You coming?
Gajewicz.
Eyes on your paper.
[foreboding music plays]
It's a kneecap injury.
- [phone chimes]
- Excuse me.
[mouthing silently]
[phone chimes]
- What up?
- [grunts]
- Hey!
- [Adam grunts]
- Let go! I was just fucking around.
- You wanna try me. Gajos?
Trying to make me
break your fucking neck?
[both grunt]
Memorial's about to start.
Don't be so weird.
- You gonna make a speech?
- Are you?
To be honest. I barely remember the guy.
Igor. That was it. right?
- The fuck's wrong with you. Błażej?
- You forget him too.
Don't mention him again. okay?
- Sorry. Doctor. I need you to sign this.
- Later.
Let's go.
[sighs] I don't have much time.
So what do you need?
Guru. "Were you there?" Adam. "No."
Guru. Thumbs-up emoji.
"Coming to the Ranger's party?"
Adam. "Yeah." Adam then says.
"Fuck. man. they're gonna find out."
Guru. "They won't.
Just keep quiet and it'll be okay."
"Keep quiet"?
"Hold tight. It was your fault.
but nobody's gotta know."
Wait a sec.
Who's this guy. "Guru"?
And who's "Ranger"?
I don't know.
"It was your fault"? What does he mean?
I think you know what that means.
That our son is in serious shit right now.
[Anna breathing heavily]
[school bell ringing]
[kids clamoring]
Get out of the bathroom. beard girl.
[bullies laughing]
OLA: WHAT'S UP?
EVERYTHING OK?
WHERE ARE YOU?
HELLO...
JAŚMINA: IN THE SCHOOLYARD
Ola!
[melancholy music playing]
Hey.
- Hey. uh. what happened?
- Nothing.
It's the absolute worst day of my life.
[Jaśmina] What do you want? Just stop it!
- Assholes.
- [Jaśmina] What do you want? Just stop it!
Three Leśna Street
at eight o'clock tonight.
- See you there?
- [girl] Yeah.
Three Leśna Street. tonight.
[Nika's mom]
So those paintings are by Igor?
Yeah.
I guess that's why my Nika was...
Look. Beata came.
[crowd murmuring]
[crowd quiets down]
First her husband. and now this.
Good morning.
Is it true that Igor was
being treated for depression?
Yeah. maybe. I never noticed anything
when he'd come over.
Here's a short video.
Igor's friends made it.
Thank you so much.
Come on. let's go over here.
[woman] Good morning.
Thank you for showing up
in such large numbers
for today's memorial.
My name is Laura Kopińska.
and as most of you probably know.
I'm the school psychologist.
Today. a beloved friend of ours.
Igor Hall. would have turned 18.
He was an exceptional boy.
He was imaginative. sensitive.
and so well-loved.
His friends have put together a video
that we'd like to show you. Thank you.
[Igor whoops. chuckles]
It's beautiful.
["I'll See You in Heaven"
by GrubSon plays]
[in Polish] ♪ I'm sure of it ♪
♪ Deep down I know ♪
♪ That one day we will all meet
At the top of a mountain ♪
♪ Even though the world ♪
♪ Which loves us
Hurts us day by day ♪
♪ One day we will all meet
At the top of a mountain ♪
♪ It's ugly
Death awaits us all ♪
♪ Earth craves bodies
Of the human masses ♪
♪ Nobody told us
How long we will live ♪
♪ When the threads of our lives
Will snap ♪
♪ Nobody told us when to say goodbye ♪
♪ And when we are going to meet again ♪
♪ To support and to carry each other ♪
♪ We are born to live
And we live to die ♪
♪ Angel of Death. please tell me
Why don't you care about our suffering ♪
♪ The young are your favorite victims ♪
♪ They haven't hurt you
Yet you mistreat them ♪
♪ See the love inside of us all ♪
♪ We want to live
At least for half a century ♪
♪ A lot of us have lost our friends ♪
♪ It's hard to accept but nevertheless ♪
♪ I'm sure of it
Deep down I know ♪
♪ That one day we will all meet ♪
♪ At the top of a mountain ♪
♪ Even though the world ♪
♪ Which loves us
Hurts us day by day ♪
♪ One day we will all meet ♪
♪ At the top of a mountain ♪
[in English]
You guys better not make fun of me
for what I'm...
um. for what I'm about to say.
It's dumb.
Uh...
I miss you.
I'm back in a week.
so as soon as I'm there.
I wanna hang out with everyone.
See you guys.
Hop in.
- Beata. you know you can come to us...
- Don't act like you care about my family!
Everyone acts like nothing happened.
They dragged him into that shit!
Why my son?
Tell me. why did it have to be my son?
Just talk to me!
- Get in the car.
- Why'd you put those ideas in his head?
- Ms. Hall...
- Speak!
It's a terrible loss.
and I'm deeply sorry.
And you. Adam. you're also responsible.
Where the hell were you
when he needed you?
You know Igor loved you.
How could you let this happen
to your friend?
[car engine revs]
[intense music playing]
[Adam] Hey. come on. get him!
- [Adam] Damn it!
- [player groans]
Hey. pass the ball! Ah!
- Hey!
- That one's mine.
Block it. Igor!
[player whoops] Yeah!
That's what I'm talking about.
[pants] Good job.
I'm here for you.
You can talk to me about everything.
Hey. man. cut it out!
I know Igor's passing
has been hard on you.
It's been hard on all of us.
Jesus. Mom...
Why do you talk to me like that?
Okay. just drop me off here.
I thought you had practice.
I'm gonna jump out
if you don't pull over.
Calm down!
Don't yell at me. okay?
[seat belt alert beeps]
Remember to come straight home afterwards.
[intense music continuing]
Pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour of our death. Amen.
Hail Mary. full of grace.
the Lord is with thee.
Blessed are thou among women.
and blessed is the fruit
of thy womb. Jesus.
And please. release me from this anger.
[melancholy music playing]
[music turns suspenseful]
Sophia?
Come here for a sec.
Hanna. go to Igor's room
and get the box of photos.
The gray one with the numbers on it.
Remember the day Igor died?
In the morning. he scratched himself.
You put a Band-Aid on him
and you laughed. remember?
Ah. the photo was taken before that.
Where is it?
Is this the same hoodie?
You think it is?
Hanna. come and look.
Is it the same hoodie or not?
- Yes.
So he wasn't alone.
- It's Monday. right?
- Mm-hmm.
Girls. I need you to stay here.
Don't answer the door if anyone comes.
I'll be right back.
[players chattering]
[Adam] Pass it!
[excited chatter]
[boy 1] Yes!
[boy 2] Go. go. go!
[boy 1] Grab him!
[overlapping chatter]
[boy 2] Hey. get on D!
- Barczyk. where are you going?
- Five minutes.
[boy 1] Where you going?
[boy 2] Yo. Adam!
What's this about?
I see you've taken Igor's place
on the court.
I always scheduled my Mondays
around your practice.
I could never replace Igor.
He was the best.
Do you miss him?
Of course.
Then why didn't you do anything?
Adam. I know you were there with him.
How could you just let him die?
Who the hell told you that?
- I saw the picture.
- What do you mean. the picture?
Adam. can you please just tell me
what happened that night?
Please. tell me what happened.
Adam.
I'm going to tell the police.
What am I supposed to be seeing here?
You can see my son Igor.
Igor and his friend Adam.
who's wearing the same hoodie
you can see here.
Here Igor has a Band-Aid on his forehead.
I put it on him
after he hit his head that morning.
- Morning?
- Yes.
This photo was taken the day he died.
and this one before his death.
You can see it. It's the same hoodie
that Adam Barczyk is wearing.
You have to question him.
I'm sure he was involved.
At the time of his death.
your son was alone. ma'am.
We've already ruled out foul play.
The case is closed. I'm sorry.
Do you have kids?
Yes. I do.
Do you love them?
Mmm.
I know my son had been drinking
and I know he was taking drugs.
But I'm begging you to at least
talk to Adam Barczyk. At least do that.
I'm asking you as a parent.
[tense music playing]
[sighs]
[line beeps]
His mom won't drop it.
This won't just disappear.
[mellow pop music playing in bar]
Sorry to bother you.
I'm looking for someone.
[laughs] Aren't we all. though?
It's someone who comes here often.
Here. Please. could you take a look?
Nah. I haven't seen her around.
How about this?
Nope.
- Hey.
- Hey. honey.
Wait. Come here.
- [Ola] Do we have math tomorrow?
- Wanna say hi?
Should I bring my books?
- Hi. Ola.
- Hi. Hello.
Are you coming today?
- I spoke to your mom this morning.
- Yeah. I'm coming later.
I have swimming class now.
I'm gonna make paella.
I got all the ingredients.
- Rice. vegetables...
- Fire extinguisher.
What?
Last time he tried to cook.
he set off the fire alarm.
Didn't I tell you that?
Hey. at least I always
keep you entertained.
- Hey! [laughs]
- [phone ringing]
[ringing]
Hey. Renata.
You still have my number?
Hi. Uh. I know
I shouldn't be calling you.
I'm... looking for Marianna.
I've been trying
to get ahold of her for days.
It's like she disappeared.
We're no longer in contact.
She doesn't give a shit about us.
Listen. it's not like that.
She just... She really misses Jaśmina.
but... she just got a little lost.
I'm worried about her.
Hmm. And I'm worried about my daughter.
Okay. Janusz. you think
I want to have this conversation now?
That's exactly what she said
when she left me.
Don't call me again about her.
[grunts]
[exhales]
I know I look hot.
but I can't breathe in this.
I don't think
you could've gone any tighter.
Maybe shorter.
What's up with you?
Adam's been acting weird.
and he's not texting back.
I know he's done with practice.
Relax. He's gonna be at Gajos's thing.
- Hi. how are you?
- [driver] Good evening.
[Polish hip-hop playing]
Hey. this is Adam. Leave a message.
Come on. Kaja.
[singer singing in Polish]
- Hey.
- [girls] Hey.
- The ladies have arrived.
- Hi. Błażej.
How's it going?
Hey. girl.
Entry fee.
- There you go.
- Pay up.
[chuckles]
- Where's Adam?
- I don't know.
- He said he'd be here.
- He's not.
[boy] Thanks. man. Cheers.
Hey. dude. where are you?
You said you'd be here.
[party-goers cough]
[Gajos] Hey. Adam!
- [party-goers clamoring]
- Are you out of your mind?
[girl] The fuck?
Are you?
[party-goers angrily murmur]
You're all in mourning. I can tell.
Still grieving.
None of you give a shit about Igor.
Igor? Igor's gone now.
and we don't talk about him. remember?
Not right now. and not ever.
Get the fuck off!
His mom's been talking to the police.
It's all over. Gajos.
Whether you want to believe it or not.
[Kaja] Adam.
Get everyone out of here before 10:00.
Wait. I'm coming with you.
You can't.
I'm really sorry.
[tense music builds]
Don't stay up too late.
Hey! Hey. hey. hey.
- Bye.
- [phone ringing]
Bye.
I'm on my way home.
Ola and Jaśmina are having a sleepover.
Great. Listen. I got a call.
and I'm headed to Szczecin.
Because of the fire at that factory?
- I heard about it on the news.
- Yeah.
The local office can't manage it.
I have a flight in 30 minutes.
- I'll be back tomorrow. probably.
- Adam came home from practice. right?
I don't know. He wasn't back when I left.
He's probably with his friends.
Love you. Take care.
You too. Bye.
[tense music playing]
Adam?
[phone chimes]
GURU: WHERE ARE YOU?
AT GAJEWICZ'S PARTY?
Adam?
Hey. this is Adam. Leave a message.
- [beep]
- Adam. where are you?
Please call me back right away
Hi. Sorry.
It's pretty late. Is something wrong?
- Adam's here with you?
- No.
You sure? Your son was having a party.
Do you hear any music?
They were texting.
How do you know?
Could I come in?
It's very late.
I know. but it's really important.
Maybe you wanna try
calling your son. then.
Okay.
Hey. this is Adam. Leave a message.
[beep]
Please call back when you can.
I'm worried.
Hi. Kaja. Where are you right now?
I'm at this party now.
but Adam took off.
and I don't know where he went.
He just had a fight with Gajos.
Over what?
I don't know.
Mmm. do you know where he could've gone?
To be honest. I really have no idea.
Maybe he's at our usual spot
over at the beach.
Mmm. Okay. thanks. I won't take up
any more of your time. Night.
Good night.
[sighs]
[music turns foreboding]
[indistinct chattering]
[mysterious music playing]
[mysterious music continuing]
[passersby chattering]
[wheels clatter]
[indistinct chattering]
Hey. what are doing here?
I'm looking for my son.
- You seen him?
- [bouncer] What's up?
Please let me in. My son's in there.
It's a private party.
Come on. let me in. Why do you care?
No. I don't care at all.
Now fuck off
before I start to lose my patience.
[man] Anna. just drop it.
Just go back home.
[dramatic music playing]
Have you seen a teen here
wearing a red hat and a backpack?
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- [music stops abruptly]
[truck beeping]
Oh. fuck.
[tense outro music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm